chore: remove generation of KLT manifest releases (#1942)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/content/en/docs/install/install.md

## Use manifests

> Versions v0.8.2 and earlier of the Lifecycle Toolkit can be installed using manifests,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versions v0.8.2 and earlier of Keptn can be installed using manifests,
```
